enh(auth): open id connect (#350)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/administration/parameters/centreon-ui.md

> SSO feature is only to be enabled in a secured and dedicated environment for
> SSO. Direct access to Centreon UI from users have to be disabled.

## OpenId Connect

Centreon is compatible with OAuth 2.0 / OpenId Connect authentication.

> It is possible to use Identity Provider (IdP) such as Keycloak, LemonLDAP::NG or other IdP which are compatible with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usage of Identity Provider (IdP) is available, such as Keycloak, LemonLDAP::NG or other IdP which are compatible with
```

- **Authentication mode** field indicates if the authentication should take place only by OpenId Connect or using local
  authentication as well (Mixed).
- **Trusted client addresses** field indicates which are the IP/DNS of the trusted clients (corresponding to the
  reverse proxy). The trusted clients are separated by comas.
- **Blacklist client addresses** field indicates which are the IP/DNS rejected.
- **Base Url** field defines the IdP base URL for OpenId Connect endpoints (mandatory).
- **Authorization Endpoint** field defines the authorization endpoint, for example `/authorize` (mandatory).
- **Token Endpoint** field defines the token endpoint, for example `/token`(mandatory).
- **Introspection Token Endpoint** field defines the introspection token endpoint, for example `/introspect` (mandatory).
- **User Information Endpoint** field defines the user information endpoint, for example `/userinfo`.
- **Scope** field defines the scope of the IdP, for example `openid`. Separate scope by space.
- **Redirect Url** field defines the redirect URL after login to access to your Centreon server, for example

>   `htt://192.168.0.1/centreon/index.php`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  `http://192.168.0.1/centreon/index.php`.
```

- **Client ID** field defines the Client ID.
- **Client Secret** field defines the Client secret.
- **Disable SSL verify peer** field allows to disable SSL peer validation, should only used for test.

![image](../../assets/administration/openid-connect-configuration.png)

> > Depending on the identity provider, it is necessary to enter several scopes, this is indicated in the provider's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Depending on the identity provider, it is necessary to enter several scopes. This is indicated in the provider's
```
